get ready for the fight of your life in
arguably one of the coolest robloxian
fighters welcome to strife an
up-and-coming fighting game developed by
Fenrir stay with me for an in-depth
review strife is a fun free game that
lets players battle it out in various
game modes and with distinctive classes
each class has specialized attacks and
unique outrageous looking weapons
players have the ability to change their
class after each match with the choice
of offensive defensive and support since
there are so many possible fight
combinations
more than likely players will be engaged
for the entire match even during
spectator mode at the time of review
strife had over a quarter of a million
visits and an 88% approval rating strife
is a high-energy game so I had to be on
my toes and I really enjoyed it it was
interesting to see what the different
classes were and to watch them fight to
the death even if I died I just hopped
into spectator mode which was still
pretty entertaining especially if
players dressed up beforehand there was
also a training arena for new players
which I found to be helpful for getting
acquainted with the controls
even though strife is an alpha I still
had plenty of fun whether I was pawning
or feeling miserable it was all part of
the game robloxian fighting games are
extremely popular it with a blast of
uniqueness and small server sizes strife
takes fighting to a new level if you
were born to fight and if you have some
free time this weekend play strife and
see what I mean thanks for watching game
reviews by max click play now to visit
strife and hit subscribe to get all of
my newest reviews in your field let's
face it folks it's not every day that
you see a Doge fighting a wizard that's
right only its strife plain out
you